Build a Chatbox Application with OpenAI API and State Management (Redux or NgRx)
Build a chatbox application that integrates with OpenAI's ChatGPT API and uses either Redux (React) or NgRx (Angular) for managing state. The application will handle sending messages to the API, displaying responses,
 and managing loading states and errors. It will also have a responsive UI suitable for desktop and mobile devices.



In this assignment, you are required to build a chatbox application that integrates with OpenAI's ChatGPT API and uses Redux (for React) or NgRx (for Angular) to manage application state. The app will allow users to send messages, interact with the AI, and display responses in real time. You'll handle asynchronous API calls, manage state for messages, loading indicators, and errors, while ensuring the UI is responsive across devices.

Key Features:
User Interaction:
Users type messages into a text box and send them to the OpenAI API.
The chatbot (AI) responds in real-time, and responses are displayed.
State Management:
Use Redux (for React) or NgRx (for Angular) to manage state, including:
Messages: Store user and AI messages.
Loading: Show loading state when awaiting API response.
Error Handling: Display errors if API call fails.

API Integration:

Integrate with OpenAI's ChatGPT API (https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/chat
).
Authenticate using the API key. The key must be securely managed.
Send user messages and receive AI responses via the API endpoint: https://api.openai.com/v1/chat/completions.

Example request:

{
  "model": "gpt-3.5-turbo",
  "messages": [{"role": "user", "content": "Hello, AI!"}]
}
UI/UX:
Display user messages on the left, AI responses on the right.
Include a loading spinner while waiting for the response.
Provide a responsive design that adapts to both desktop and mobile devices.
Display error messages when the API call fails (e.g., network or API issues).
Performance:
Ensure smooth transitions between messages with no UI lag.
Optimize performance for handling multiple messages or long conversations.
State Management (Redux or NgRx):
Redux (React): Use redux-thunk or redux-saga for async API calls.
NgRx (Angular): Use NgRx Effects for managing API calls.
Security:
Securely manage the API key using environment variables.
Testing (Optional but encouraged):
Write tests for Redux actions, reducers, or NgRx actions, reducers, and effects.
Use Jest (React) or Jasmine/Karma (Angular).

Evaluation Criteria
1
State Management (20%):
2
Correct implementation of Redux (React) or NgRx (Angular) for managing:
3
Chat history (messages).
4
Loading state (e.g., during API calls).
5
Error state (e.g., when the API call fails).
6
Efficient use of redux-thunk (React) or NgRx Effects (Angular) to handle asynchronous API calls.
7
API Integration (25%):
8
Successful integration with OpenAI's ChatGPT API, sending requests and receiving responses correctly.
9
Proper error handling for issues like invalid API keys, network failures, or invalid responses.
10
Ensure the correct use of API key authentication and secure management.
11
UI/UX (20%):
12
A clean, intuitive, and responsive chat interface.
13
Correctly aligned messages for both the user and AI.
14
Loading indicators during API calls and proper error messages when things go wrong.
15
Responsive design that adapts well on both mobile and desktop devices.
16
Performance (15%):
17
Ensure smooth interactions with the chat interface, especially when managing multiple messages.
18
Efficient rendering of components without delays or performance issues.
19
Code Quality (10%):
20
Well-structured and modular code following React/Redux or Angular/NgRx best practices.
21
Proper commenting and descriptive variable names.
22
Clear and maintainable codebase, following coding standards.
23
Testing (Optional but encouraged, 10%):
24
Write unit tests for core parts of the application, such as Redux actions, reducers, components (React), or NgRx actions, reducers, and effects (Angular).
25
Use testing libraries such as Jest and React Testing Library (React) or Jasmine/Karma (Angular) to test the UI and state management logic.